purpose of the website:

1) showcase quantitative skills and background for potential employers
2) collect resources that i have created so they are available on the web

landing page should have a statement like "I solve quantitative problems"
landing page should have my name


quantitative skills should have math and science courses and links to notecards
quantitative skills should have repository of any major pieces of code

about page should have summary panel at top with skills, interests, linked in, CV, pic etc.








ABOUT PAGE


In brief...
	compulsive optimizer (it takes me 6 minutes and 26 seconds to make 2 weeks worth of breakfast.)
	self starter (you have to be to survive a PhD.)
	frugal minimalist (there are three spoons in my household of two people.)
	non-conformer (i'm not on facebook.  me and that one other guy are going to start our own club.)I have one Lovely Husband, one Stinky Dog, and three aforementioned Spoons.
	
Bio...
	Born in St. Johnsbury Vermont.
	Went to undergrad in Louisiana to escape the cold.
	Followed my husband to Indiana and learned to be a teacher.
	Discovered that learning physics is much more fun than teaching physics.
	Moved to Connecticut to get a PhD in physics, learning every day. Also, cold again.
	I want to continue solving quantitative problems after grad school.

Quantitative Skills...

	If you want to solve quantitative problems in the real world you have to be good at math, you have to be good at computers, and you have to be good at critical thinking. I practice most of these skills every day so that I can be a better problem solver.
	
	My academic coursework in physics and math gives me a solid mathematical foundation. I learn programming skills through self-study and through my physics research, which often requires data analyis and simulation. And many years of immersion in the scientific method has trained me to think carefully and logically.
	
	Quantitative Coursework Highlights:
	
	Calculus 
	Linear Algebra
	Discrete Math
	Probability and Statistics
	Ordinary DiffEQ
	Partial DiffEQ
	Complex Analysis
	
	Graduate Electricity and Magnetism
	Graduate Quantum Mechanics
	Graduate Statistical Mechanics
	Graduate Solid State Physics
	Classical Mechanics
	Mathematical Methods in Physics
	

	